Error handling (#1395)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: docs/features.rst

Caveats:

* It’s possible there may be some minor errors in the automatic conversion that need special attention in order to deploy successfully.
* See `this link <https://ntotten.com/2018/05/11/convert-metadata-to-source-format-while-maintain-git-history/>`_ for some tips on preserving git history while converting your source format.

> GitHub Gists

Reviewer: Maybe we should give this a title like `Reporting error logs` that's more likely to be meaningful to the reader. Gists are a means to an end.

=============

> Use the ``cci gist`` command to send the log of your last ``cci`` command to a github gist so you can submit it for support if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ``cci gist`` command to send the log of your last ``cci`` command to a GitHub gist so you can submit it for support if needed.
```

For this feature to work you will need to ensure that your `github service is setup with the proper scopes <https://cumulusci.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html#github-service>`_.

The gist command creates a gist comprised of:
    * The current version of ``cci``
    * The current python version
    * The path to the python executable
    * The ``sysname`` of the host (e.g. Darwin)
    * The machine name of the host (e.g. x86_64)
    * The most recent logfile (cci.log) that CumulusCI has created.

The URL for the gist is displayed on the terminal of the user as output, and a web browser will automatically open a tab to the gist.

**Logfiles**

> CumulusCI creates a logfile everytime a cci command is run. The only exception to this is when the cci gist command is run. Logfiles are stored under `~/.cumulusci/logs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CumulusCI creates a logfile every time a cci command is run. The only exception to this is when the cci gist command is run. Logfiles are stored under `~/.cumulusci/logs`.
```
